PlanetSim
---------------
@author Jordi Pujol jordi.pujol@estudiants.urv.es
http://ants.etse.urv.es/planetsim

1. Presentation
----------------------

This is the release PlanetSim 3.0. Its use and modification is under
LGPL Licence.

The PlanetSim is an overlay simulator. Exists a clear separation of 
the three different layers that are simulated:  

     1. Network level. Mantain the communication between all nodes in
        the network.

     2. Node level: Implements each desired overlay, consisting in 
        its routing table and the application suppport ability.
     
     3. Application level: Implements the desired (one or more per node)
        using the underlying node to contact with other applications.
        Each implemented application has an objective, implements
        a DHT (Distributed Hash Table), for example.


2. Content
----------------------

These distribution is a Java Eclipse project (http://eclipse.org).
One may use the "Import... -> Existing Project into Workspace" 
functionallity and browsing to this uncompressed directory to load 
the PlanetSim to your Eclipse.

Elsewhere, you may edit any class and add the required classes
and packages with any other IDE or editor. Then, you can use
the ant project manager to compile and build the distribution 
planetsim.jar file automatically. See bin/README file for
more details.

Directory description:

    bin
      Contain all required scripts and source data file to run the 
      existing tests. Also contains the build.xml and
      planetsim.properties files to use Ant.
      See bin/README for more details.

    docs
      Contain a brief introduction to the PlanetSim Architecture
      in HTML format. Also contain the HTML Javadoc API of the 
      entire PlanetSim.

    lib
      Contain the required jars to compile and run all tests.

    src
      Contain the Java source classes of the PlanetSim.

    out
      Contain the Java bytecode classes of the PlanetSim.
      Initially empty.

    conf
      Contain the configuration files to run all the tests.
      
      
3. Feedback
-----------------------

You can make a very good feedback send us your suggestions,
implemented extensions, fixed bugs or the errors.
Send an email to Jordi Pujol <jordi.pujol@estudiants.urv.es>

On any error or problem cases, you have to send these information:

1. Version of Planetsim in use
2. Short description of the error (or problem)
3. The detail of the main classes that take part (executed test, etc.)
4. The related stack trace (if exists)
5. Any other remarkable information.

NOTE: The maximum size of the sent mail is 3MB.


-----

Jordi Pujol
Planet Project Member

Planet: http://ants.etse.urv.es/planet
PlanetSim: http://ants.etse.urv.es/planetsim

July 20, 2005
